day two of training are we all ready all
right we've got chickaletta delete us
hey weights at paw patrol my name is JD
Laden Brady the third I've got a serious
problem
uh what's that mr. JD land and Brady a
third you have a shorter name yes just
call me sir Knight a lot uh okay
what is it for Knight a lot let me show
you on my shield pad it's not a pup pad
as a shield bed oh okay see there's a
dragon in your realm
paw patrol I will need your help me sir
Knight a lot to tame this dragon and
return him back to his rightful home sir
Knight a lot uh I'll leave never
actually fought a dragon yeah it's like
pretty serious stuff but we're ready to
give it a try because I'm rebel on a
double dragon fighter supreme let me go
get my armor I'll be right back rubble
dad is okay let him get his armor I am
back so rubble a lot I know that's paw
patrol ninth of Emer lift I'm pretty
tough just let me add that dragon all
that going to rubble on a double here
you go we're all right that's right I'm
rubble on the double top night sir
rubble I think not you must earn the
title sir right now you will be Squire
rubble my horse maiden ah I can't be a
knight
you must be knighted you are not a
knight and I am NOT a dog haha oh yeah
okay Skye I need you to get up and fly
around and maybe spray water on the
dragon let's take to the sky look here's
the dragon oh boy he's a big dragon
rider it's not working
oh no Skye can you come on down to the
ground sure what are we gonna do this
dragon looks pretty mean never fear so
rubble here come here dragon and we'll
take you on oh never mind I'll just go
bye-bye bye dragon you know I think
you're much you know all on your side
I'm on your side let's give this paw
Patrol yeah yeah yeah I'm on the dark
side of the dragon okay well maybe I'm
let's go home
bye are you gonna be a
Eve night ah writer he's rien fire I
mean come on he's breathing fire Todd I
wanted to be a brave knight and that's
until I realized that brave knights have
to fight dragons on a breathing fire
brave knights are crazy crazy hey Ryder
I'm gonna try to distract him this
tennis ball cannon okay that's a great
idea
rocky let's see what we can do oh I
don't think he's like bothered I think
he oh I think he actually wants to like
chase him uh okay so we're over - hmm
what are we gonna do think chickaletta's
got a plan well take a lot of hurries
otherwise to go out I might be fried
chicken oh hey what's chickaletta doing
whoa chickaletta turned into a gigantic
chicken a chicken that can breathe fire
oh look chickaletta in the big dragon
and become friends there they go
chickaletta saves the day all right
Nicoletta that was awesome I mean I
didn't expect a little chicken to grow
so big and breathe fire
I did I told chickaletta exactly what to
do
uh sir rubble actually is the hero of
the story yeah that's right
well rubble you actually wanted to go
and with the dragon I was trying to
trick him
I don't think so rubble yeah I have
found my champion the new night I shall
announce and anoint the new knight of
this kingdom oh why thank you I do
appreciate that it's not you Oh anoint
you sir
chick Oh nut up oh the brave knight
chicken sir chickaletta you will be
defender of this realm for here to
eternity I'll be off why thank you sir
JD Landon Brady the third you are
welcome thank you all for defending in
this realm
you're welcome I gotta say I'm kind of
surprised that chickaletta is the knight
what a brave chicken uh you can still
make me a knight too sir mr. rubble on
the double
maybe that's time I must go everyone at
home up here with the points of my spear
it shows subscribe here so subscribe to
the engineering family so that you can
see all of their cool videos like this
one and also give them a thumbs up
because this realm needs many more likes
ah so tell us well chickaletta make a
brave knight or do you think chickens
are just chickens and won't make good
Knights at all and finally the secret
password it is Sir paw Patrol that's
right sir
paw Patrol is a secret password I must
be off so long paw patrol fans bye bye
everyone bye
paw patrol fans check out one of these
four videos that features Egyptian
treasure a balloon caper paw patrol
trigger tree even surprise eggs just
click on the video and a new one up here
have a great day